Nyalakonda Srinayan 
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/srinayan-n 
Email: srinayan122345@gmail.com 
GitHub: 
https://github.com/Srinayan-96 
 
Mobile: +91-9505965175 
SKILLS 
• Languages: 
C++, JavaScript, C, Java, Python 
• Frameworks & Libraries: 
React, Spring, Express.js, Spring MVC, Tailwind CSS 
• Tools/Platforms: 
GitHub, MongoDB, Figma, MySQL 
• Soft Skills: 
Risk Awareness and Forward Planning, Learning Agility, Adaptive Leadership 
 
PROJECTS 
• PlanIt - Smart Task & Daily Planning Application 
Oct 2025 - Nov 2025 
- 
Implemented a task management platform to help users plan, track, and manage daily activities in an organized manner. 
- 
Added custom reminders with real-time UI updates using React state management and backend APIs, improving task 
tracking efficiency by 40%. 
- 
Optimized the interface and workflows to support consistent user productivity and smoother daily planning. 
Tech Used: React.js, Node.js (Express), MongoDB 
• LawEZY - AI Legal Assistance Platform 
Aug 2025 - Sept 2025 
- 
Architected a centralized legal-tech system connecting users with AI guidance, lawyer support and case tracking. 
- 
Integrated AI-based legal query assistance and secure data workflows to enable smooth interaction across key modules. 
- 
Achieved a 60% reduction in search time by simplifying access to legal resources and case-related information. 
Tech Used: React.js, Node.js (Express), MongoDB 
• AssetCalc - Smart Mortgage Assistance System 
May 2025 - Jun 2025 
- 
Designed a multi-asset loan estimation platform to assist users in evaluating loans for land, property, and vehicles through 
a unified interface. 
- 
Utilized automated data lookup and an AI chatbot to process user inputs and provide quick loan-related guidance. 
- 
Improved financial data accessibility, reducing navigation effort by 50% and enabling quicker decisions. 
Tech Used: HTML, CSS, JavaScript 
• CPUFlow - CPU Scheduling Visualization Simulator 
Apr 2025 
- 
Simulated multiple CPU scheduling algorithms to help users understand process scheduling concepts with execution flow. 
- 
Enabled real-time Gantt chart visualizations using JavaScript logic to clearly represent scheduling behavior 
- 
Published the platform online using GitHub Pages / Netlify for accessible use during review and learning. 
Tech Used: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Python 
TRAINING 
 
Emerging Technologies (AI & Cloud) 
Jul 2025 - Aug 2025 
- 
Learned the fundamentals of cloud computing and AI application workflows using IBM Cloud services. 
- 
Gained hands-on exposure to IBM Watsonx.ai and the Granite model for generating accurate, real-time 
AI-driven responses. 
- 
Understood model deployment concepts and secure integration of AI services within cloud-based applications. 
Think Design Prototype – Design Thinking and Figma 
Jun 2025 - Jul 2025 
- 
Explored Design Thinking for problem definition and user research to identify user pain points. 
- 
Created a high-fidelity prototype in Figma showcasing functional UI navigation. 
- 
Validated solutions with user feedback resulting in 70% better usability clarity. 
CERTIFICATES 
• DevOps and AI on AWS | Coursera 
Nov 2025 
• Getting Started with Git and GitHub | Coursera 
Aug 2025 
• Build Generative AI Apps and Solutions with No-Code Tools | Infosys 
Aug 2025 
• Software Engineering Essentials | Coursera 
Jun 2025 
• JavaScript: Unlocking the Power of JavaScript | Scaler Academy 
Feb 2024 
EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 
• Honored with certificate of excellence during MERN training. 
• Recognized with a Certificate of Appreciation for plantation drive with Greenpeace India. 
• Competed in Web-KA Hackathon , a hackathon focused on building responsive websites. 
EDUCATION 
Lovely Professional University 
Phagwara, Punjab 
Bachelor of Technology - Computer Science and Engineering; CGPA: 7.23 
Aug 2023 - Present 
Resonance 
Hyderabad, Telangana 
Intermediate; Percentage: 91% 
Jun 2022 - Apr 2023 
Vivekananda Residential School 
Karimnagar, Telangana 
Matriculation; Percentage: 89% 
Jun 2020 - Mar 2021 
